Sometimes advertising is more like a way of manipulating rather than a channel of information.

On one hand, advertisments are striking us in many different directions. Every webpages, coming along with article itself, advertisment seems more necessary than a proper illustration. Many newspapers are giving out for free just because there's much more advertisments than actual infomation. Flyposts are squeezed into the basket of your bike when you are passing by, with big, badly-printed title "Good News" on the top. Even your cellphone may ring for unwanted messages at mid-night. These low-qualitied, massive advertisments are troublesome -- each time you meet them, you have to scroll your browser down a part, take out those massy papers, or smash your cellphone onto your bedroom wall angrily.

On the other hand, they are also working hard to integrate more with the information you need, in order to hide themselves. When you are trying to download a software from a small website, you can observe much more "Download Here" buttons than you ever need. The truth is, however, 90% of them are fake ones that will lead you to download some kind of infamous program, which may damage your computer. This is much more annoying at the most time than the first kind -- you didn't even know it is an useless advertisment before you had it!

After all, some people are trying very hard to turn advertisements into pleasing things. Like Google, they offer highly related sponsors' links in search results, and their AdSense service offers a good way to provide related infomation on your website. What's more, recently, map publishers are also adding useful tourist information to maps, such as locations of restaurants, gas stations, hotels and shopping malls. And these information came from advertisments! As a handy way people invented to help separating information, advertising is gradually coming back to its original usage. So, no matter how it is at present, let's hope that it hae a bright future and serve us better!