Are the Heart of Every Country are Great Museums


Every great countries has its own museums, especially about science. Then why is it so important to a country?

Museum is a place where people get information about a specific topic, like art, technology, agriculture and even handcraft. It's like a library shown with real things. Every modern child in a good country should pay a visit to at least one museum for a certain times, either leaded by parents or teachers is ok. I have been to the local science museum for three times, and each time  I could find something new. It's a great place to learn things in. So it's good to the citizens.

As it's really a peaceful age, we don't have "cold war" or "hot war" to compete our general power, we can only show how strong we are by expo and economic achievements. In an expo, museums are always the main roles from corner to corner. When you have some achievements in some topic, "museum" it! A great expo that full of amusing museums will always astonish foreigners and make the country proud, and for which the 2010 Shanghai Expo is a good example, and just like that we are looking towards the 2012 London Expo to show us UK's beautiful technology.

Sometimes a country may look something as its most important part, like China's economy. But a great museum will always be the essence of the country's real power. In a museum you may found demonstrations of unique technologies and inventions. A spacecraft we found in the China Science and Technology Museum is a good example. So a museum may not be the most important one, but it is always the most shinning one.

Besides, museum is also a good place to avoid re-inventing. If there was no museums at the whole world, many people who came up with the same idea will invent the same thing separately. But once we have a museum, when someone visits, he will sigh "Oh, someone have already invented this, I don't have to do this again". It's disappointing but really saves time!

In conclusion, museum is so important to a country that it may not be any part else but the country's heart.